category	response
both	Identify and reduce the factors that make people turn to crime. Increase social services. Unless this city is in the US, then we need to spend even more money on police and make sure every citizen over the age of both is armed at ALL times.
enforce	police force
enforce	Fund the police more
enforce	Addison needs to implement a system where the police are connected with the community.  They can introduce a heavy but welcomed presence due to the relationships their force builds within the community. This will produce more visibility of law enforcement as well as a want to share information leading to a reduction in crime.
both	More uncorrupt police and better social education policies
both	In my opinion, the city of Addison needs to involve its residents in helping tackle the problem of increasing violent crime. It needs to recruit citizen volunteers to help its police force out, by forming neighborhood vigilance, watch groups, etc. to try to get back control of the situation. The city can also invest in initiatives for youth training, providing employment opportunities, etc. to deter would-be criminals by giving them a purpose in life.
reform	"Institute neighborhood events/community building; build rapport between police and citizens"
enforce	more police
enforce	Organize the citizens into a Crime Watch.  Publicize types of crimes and how to avoid situations.  Determine who is doing the crimes and locking them up.
both	They need to introduce more policing and focus on community policing. They need to build up mental health centers and introduce more employment opportunities.
reform	Addison needs to figure out what has caused the crime rate to increase in the past three years. The city needs to devote more resources to this problem.
enforce	it would depend on a myriad of factors but i supose a quick fix would be a redoing of the potrol system and get more cops
enforce	more police
reform	Citizens band together
enforce	Ensuring that the citizens of Addison are armed and know how to use their firearms would greatly reduce the crime rate. Criminals are bullies and they will not attack if they think their prey is armed and can fight back.
enforce	Increase security measures
enforce	There needs to be more police presence in neighborhoods with high crime. The city needs to spend more time investigating the crimes and putting those people away, since it is likely that the crimes are being committed by a small group of people.
reform	Find out the reason why there is crime and then come up with a solution to that problem.
enforce	Flood the streets with police.
enforce	More patrolling by police officers and security personnel.
enforce	Stricter enforcement and longer sentences will serve as a good deterrent to crime.
enforce	Addison needs to add more officers to patrol the streets.
enforce	Increase police force in areas where crimes seem to be committed the most.
enforce	Increase Policing and make sure criminals are punished and not just released right away
reform	It needs to look at the social and economic issues that are spurring the crime rise and address those.
enforce	The city needs to devote more resources to the police.
enforce	Invest in more security devices such as cameras and mobile recording towers.
enforce	Increase police presence
enforce	more police
enforce	Make a curfew for residents.
reform	Yes, Addison needs to invest in its people. The root of most crime is lack of means to buy necessary items. Invest in social programs to make life easier on the residents so they don't resort to criminal activity.
both	There should be an oversight committee to evaluate increasing the size of the police force, also hold a town hall to educate residents on how to eliminate their vulnerability to crime.   Education seminars for educating youth and giving them chances to improve their lives rather than relying on crime should be implemented.
enforce	Addison needs stricter law enforcement and perhaps a neighborhood patrol program. The community needs to be engaged in making it a safer place as well.
reform	Investigate what is causing the crimes, the kind of crimes being committed, and provide services to mitigate that. Most problems can be solved by education, compassion, and de-escalation.
reform	create more community programs to support youth, young adults, and vulnerable members of their community.  improve education, welfare programs
reform	In order to reduce crime, Addison needs to help ex-offenders find secure living-wage employment.
reform	Better funding for programs to help poor people could help reduce crime in the city.
reform	Addison needs to invest in more public services that can reduce crime, such as mental health services, food assistance services, housing, etc.
reform	Figure out the root cause of the crime. If it is rising poverty and inequality, Addison needs to invest more in the community. If it is community members committing the crime, Addison needs to focus on a restorative justice approach so that those members can actually be reintegrated into society.
enforce	More Security and strictly punishing those who are doing crimes, more surveillances
reform	Figure out who is commiting the crimes and find solutions to prevent these people from doing so.
reform	Addison needs to join any communities that discourages crime and advertise to the city community about reducing crime and participate in any volunteering activities
enforce	They should have a larger police presence.  They should have concerned neighborhoods establish neighborhood watch patrols.  Perhaps a security guard in smaller strip malls.  Tougher jail sentences or fines for illegal activity.
enforce	There needs to be more cops
enforce	Addison needs to expand its' police force.
enforce	Increase law enforcement presence and community outreach.
enforce	More protection and police.
reform	Increase spending on education
reform	More after school programs for teens
reform	Better schools and education
neither	nwighborhood patrols
reform	UBI and rent control
enforce	Higher police patrol and enforce stricter punishments for crimes.
reform	The town needs to find ways to discourage anti-social behavior, and fund initiatives that would decrease poverty in the town. I would suggest funding after school programs for at risk youth, and strengthening the school system. The rule of law through the police force should also be communicated well to the residents.
both	Maybe to help the crime rate in Addison there needs to be more patrolling by officers and there should be educational crime prevention and recreational programs for the youth of this city. By focusing on the youth of the city in a positive way perhaps crime can be prevented in a way. Maybe a type of neighborhood watch program might encourage the citizens of this city too.
reform	Probably address other problems in the city, like finding people work, providing mental health care, things like that that are known to increase crime when neglected
both	Focusing on criminal justice, social programs, and strengthening relationships
enforce	Sounds like organized crime or gangs have taken over the city. The police departments and DEA should be given more funding to fight back on crime.
both	There needs to be more police presence in problematic neighborhoods to deter crime. Youth programs are needed to help educate young people, stimulate their minds, encourage new hobbies and interests, and to discourage unlawful activities during free time.
reform	I think that they need to look into the cause of the crime and figure out what they can do about that. Also important to consider what the type of crime is - whether it is serious or smaller petty crimes. Is it because prices have increased and there is more theft? Or is it because people are unhappy? Or is there a serial killer? I think it's important to see where that is concentrated and what the types of policing are in the areas, what the income difference is. etc.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
